# Stonks

## Problem Statement
You know that feeling when you were having a conversation with someone and you just wish you could pull out that perfect meme in your head that you know would fit that exact moment?

Well, look no further. Stonks is here to help.
Whether you're feeling bored in classes, crashing out over months worth of exam materials, or your sports team loses (again), there's always a meme for that.

## Features
The idea is simple. Just type in your situation into the box. The input will be parsed into keywords, and the app will search that keyword through my humongous collections of memes (we're talking GBs worth of memes which I have collected since 2021 for fun). The app also have a button "Donate memes here" which allow users to add their memes into my meme collection.

Anyways, user input --> search meme keyword --> output meme
Of course, there's only so much meme that I can tag at a time, so the result might still be not 100% accurate. If you want to help tag them, feel free to do so too i don't really care.

If you just want random memes, you can also just click 'Generate meme' and the app finna serve some random ahh memes.

Stonks' mission is to support memes of multiple languages. Currenlty mainly supporting these languages:
- Bahasa Melayu
- Bahasa Indonesia
- Francais
- English

Why these languages first? Well, cuz for now I can only understand the memes from these languagues (duhhh). More languages will be supported as I learn more languages and understand more memes. Also, when users donate more memes and my memes collection expand ofc.

But why even make it support multiple languages? Because at Stonks, we (me, myself, and I) believe that the meme culture should transcend any spoken language and should speak louder than any words could.

## Disclaimer
If you're offended by any memes generated by the app, it's yo fault for being so soft ahh ngl. Just say womp womp and move on.